ow pain tolerance is something that you
can improve this study in 2024 took 73
people and stabbed their Shin meat with
a dull object that was capable of
measuring how much pressure it took
before it was considered too painful
they then used a machine that looked
like it was from a horror movie that
straps their leg and
goes and measured how far they could go
before it was intolerable I know this
study is insane but all of these
participants were willing they the
stretch for 30 seconds they rested and
after their 20c break was over they did
the stretch again three more times here
are the findings it didn't matter if you
were male or female both widespread and
regional pain sensitivity was
significantly reduced and I know what
you're thinking it's just one study in
2008 they did the same thing they tested
the pain sensitivity 6 weeks later still
pain sensitivity was reduced stay flexy